All right guys welcome back to the chorus.
We are neck deep in Facebook ads right now going through the process of setting up a campaign.
So we're going to continue where we left off in the last lecture.
That was in the middle of creating a campaign where we just completed the ads section to finding our
audience budget and duration by completing that section that moves us on to the ad section.
Now this is where we can create ads for our campaign.
And what this lecture will be about.
So the ad said in the ad section both correspond to the objective which shows at the very beginning
in each section it'll show settings and attributes that relate the goal we have in mind in our example.
We said we wanted to drive traffic to our website so we chose the traffic objective.
So in the ads we saw specific settings for that goal.
Now we're going to see specific options for ads for that goes well in the end section.
Here are some of the options you might see.
We have pages.
Now you might be asked to connect this ad to the appropriate Facebook page and perhaps even an Instagram
account if you have that.
Just pick the right ones.
Obviously for your situation there is a format Well you can choose what your ad will look like from
a variety of different formats.
Now Facebook offers things like a saw images video and more.
My advice for your first AD and ours here is really just to keep it simple for now.
You can test that stuff later but it's not something worth doing right out of the box.
Instead just go with the single image.
Then we can learn how to create ads and see how it works.
And then you can kind of go back get more advanced.
Now we'll pick that image in one of the settings that's actually coming up.
Now first I want to mention full screen experience which shows a full screen ad on mobile if used or
stepped through it pretty fast.
You can see it because it's actually kind of cool if you know for sure that you want a mobile ad experience.
You check off a full screen canvas and then choose one of the three templates now to get new customers
want is something we can obviously try out.
So you choose that and then start filling in the blanks like for our service maybe we offer rides to
the football game.
Need a ride to the 49ers game if you're in San Francisco.
We'll start with that headline and then we'll type in we'll pick you up drive you to the game and then
drive you home.
All for one low price.
So basically it's like Uber for football.
If we replace the generic pictures here with more football the type ones then we can preview our ad
on the phone.
Click preview for mobile at the bottom and Facebook will send you a notification on your phone where
you can actually preview the pretty nice again if you know for sure you want a mobile ad experience.
In general I don't I strongly suggest you play around with this later when you get more advanced.
Now images is in another section and the ads set up specifically for uploading or choosing the images
you'll use in your ad depending on your format.
You might need one image or many of them it's best to add your own.
And the recommended specs are over on the right.
So make sure you upload something that actually will look attractive and not the wrong resolution.
It will look bad if it gets through but usually they don't even approve those.
But if you're feeling cheaper lazy or just not creative at all.
Facebook actually has some free stock photos you can use.
Don't obviously suggest it but if you really really want to just try this out go for it.
So if I type in football Well hey here's a few here I can use for free in my apt.
Here's one with a football player on the field that looks right this looks decent.
We'll use this as an example.
Now links is another section you might have to set especially if you're driving people some place in
particular.
Now in this case I want to push them to a u r l where they can learn more about the services I provide
or perhaps sign up for a free trial.
This is where you'd enter the trial of your super awesome landing page putting your home page are l
just drops people in the front door but a landing page built with this ad in mind will actually improve
the chances of getting that subsequent sign up or sale again relates back to that concept we talked
about before called conversion set.
Now you probably already noticed that here in the Links section is where you actually see the preview
of the ads you've been planning this whole time Hooray.
Finally something pretty to look at now by default you might see the ad in its desktop news feed version
but there are actually other versions of it that you can choose from the pull down the thread of preview.
This is useful because each format is different and different parts of the ad might get emphasized a
little bit differently in each case.
You'll see what I mean here in a second.
Now next to preview is where you can type in your headline and text and in the case of our football
uber type service.
This is not my try.
All right.
Need a ride to the 49ers game.
We'll pick you up drive you to the game and drive you home all for one low price.
Looks like it actually fit.
Now you also get to choose the call to action which can be a button or link people click or tap and
again kind of just depends on the format and the desktop news feed version.
The button is in the lower right.
But if you switch to you say the Instagram version now the action appears under the image to the left.
So you want to choose the called Action label wisely.
Just pick whatever relates directly to what you want them to do.
For me I think book now could potentially make sense though.
Learn more is also a pretty good catch all.
It doesn't always have to be by now.
In fact if you use by now and then you go to a page where they do buy it.
You call it a book.
Then you will have a massive drop off in conversions so choose them appropriately.
Now one more thing here in the link setting you might notice there's an advanced options section.
Give it a look because a few things might come up as you're creating your at when you enter that you
are at the preview for the desktop news feed version of the ad might pull some text from the page and
put it on the ad.
Most likely the text description under the headline for some reason that text is not a good match for
the well you can override it and type in your own.
Now this makes sense if instead of just duplicate the text you want to appear above the image or if
it's pulling like a blog post description or who knows what.
So under advanced options start typing in the news feed link description and enter your own text and
you'll see it reflected in the preview.
Now you could also replace the R L that appears in the ad with a display only you are all kind of similar
to what we did with Google.
Like for instance you know if your landing page shows up with a really weird you are.
Well you probably want to just replace it with your main domain.
So where it says display link I just had to type in Forty-Niners park or dot com.
I don't actually own that domain but to be kind of sweet.
Now this pretty much does it for my ADD set up.
But keep in mind that if you chose a different objective at the beginning the ads set up would be slightly
different like that which is the driving gauge mount and get more page likes.
Well you'd see options for ad format images but then text instead of links because while you're driving
them to a Facebook page instead of an outside you RL.
So no links are actually required.
So once you finish your work on your ad make sure to go through those different ad previews to see what
it looks like in different formats.
You might spot ways where you can improve the text or image but generally you'll see that they're pretty
much the same when you're good to go at the place order button at the bottom.
And when they go on your Facebook advertiser Now one more thing I'd say before you that place order
is you can preview all the different types of formats but it doesn't mean that you should advertise
on every single format.
Some ads will work in certain formats and just not on others.
Now it used to be the case way back when when Facebook's first started advertising they didn't have
news feed ads they had those right column ads or they show on the side.
That's actually an option now.
You can still use those however like one thing they need to know is that the click through rates for
those have absolutely plummeted.
They're just absolutely atrocious.
And I'm not even sure which companies can make those side column advertising advertisements work.
So what you could do if you're just testing the waters is try everything and then just see but just
know in advance that certain formats are just going to have certain they're just going to have different
outcomes.
Also worth pointing out if you have something that you want someone to buy or the page they're going
to is kind of involved they need to type a lot of stuff and mobile ads generally don't work very well.
Mobile Ads really work when they're going some are simple with only to click on one thing.
People are just much much less less likely on their phone to fill out a form or to go through like the
purchasing and putting the credit card and all that then that all that really remains at this point
is to figure out how did our ad work and specifically did our split test work.
Which one did better.
Now my first advice is just give this some time.
Facebook Ads need at least a day or so to gain enough viewers and results for you to make an educated
guess about how it's going.
And if you tell Facebook to tell you when a winning ad in your foot This can be determined well you'll
actually just get a notification about it.
So obviously you don't have to wait for that one.
But if you want to look at the numbers yourself here's a look.
So under ads manager look at the campaigns tab of the main dashboard you should see your campaign running
there with a pretty green like Circle right next to it.
And that means it's active.
And if that's the case well you should see numbers in the row under each column.
Now based on the original objective you chose for the campaign you should see a label there under the
results column showing X number of links clicked or X number of pages like for example.
Well that number is a good one.
Think of it financially.
How much did those clicks or likes cost look further over to the right and you'll see a number for cost
per result.
Now this is basically how efficient your ad was at achieving your goal in terms of the money you spent.
The lower the cost the better for you when you do find an ad that performs better than another.
It's smart to keep running it and if possible obviously tested against other versions to see if you
can improve on it anymore.
Just wanted to get in the habit of running split tests frequently so you'll always be able to find new
ways of saving yourself money or getting better outcomes as you advertise.
Related to this point if you're seeing an obvious loser in your ads if you're a few days while it makes
sense to turn off don't waste your money.
If something is obviously not working and at a certain point there's no benefit to getting the data
from it.
You've already learned a lesson.
So make note of what failed and just move on.
OK.
Well there you go.
Facebook adhesive is freely pretty user friendly.
It's certainly more than add words.
In my opinion and with all the tweaking you can do with audience set up unsplit testing keep yourself
busy running campaigns invest some time in it on a regular schedule run tasks and you should see some
results for whatever goal you have in mind.